hello my name is Candace Draper and I'm
a fit expert here at Canyon beachwear
everyone that works here at Canyon
beachwear is a fit expert we know
everything there is to know about
bikinis it's kind of eat breathe sleep
bikinis so we're like the girlfriend
that you forgot to bring into the store
we're at WWE can you beat or calm you
can find us on facebook and twitter as
well under canyonbeachwear and today
we're going to be talking about swimwear
this is exactly how you should wear a
tankini ashley has on the
over-the-shoulder this is a kenneth cole
and it's got the ruching on the sides so
she can take it and make it larger if
she needs to or bring it down and make
it a little less friends also got the
bra strap support so you're not going to
have any kind of hanging around your
neck she also has the ruffle detail here
on the front which matches the bottom
the great thing about this Tinky is you
can pull it down to cover if you need to
or you can bring it up if you wanted to
get the break-up between the bottom and
the top
it's a Thai side keyhole bikini which
shows the circle in the middle and you
can still adjust it so it can still go a
smaller or larger if need be the back of
the suit is going to be a higher back
it's going to hit right at your shoulder
blades so you get that full coverage
that most majority people are looking
for in the tankinis you get the
adjustable straps so she can adjust it
if needed and the bottom is a full
coverage bottom Kenneth Cole does a
really good job in making sure the fit
is perfect as well as the coverage on
Maria we have Sun sets which is one of
our signature brands it has the twist
front which is very flattering for all
buss types it also has a great underwire
which is why we have the support straps
here so you're going to have the bra
strap support but you can also unhook
them and make it a bando if you'd like
or if you have a bigger bus you can
crisscross it in the back to give
yourself that extra bit of support the
bottom is a little high waisted and it's
seamless so it's really nice to this top
you can't see it
we max this with a cobalt blue bottom so
you want to break up the material
sometimes with the tankinis the whole
point is not to be in a one-piece so if
you do the pattern and then the solid it
breaks it up so it's not like you're
just in a one-piece